Minor refinements to terse guide. (#47)
squeak-smalltalk/squeak.org: _pages/terse_guide.md

## Variables
- Variables must be declared before use

> - Shared vars (globa,s pools, and class vars) must begin with uppercase

Reviewer: There seems to be a typo here.

Reviewer: @LinqLover Is that a typo or some magic formatting I am not getting? If a typo, I can fix it and merge the pr.

Author: Oops, sorry :D

```suggestion
- Shared vars (globals, pools, and class vars) must begin with uppercase
```
